Examine management patch (#4323)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Searching/Examine/examine-management.md

---
versionFrom: 10.0.0
---

# Examine Management

_Provides an overview of the available Examine functionality available directly within the Umbraco backoffice_

## Overview

> The Umbraco backoffice allows you to view details about your examine indexes and searches along with those that power the internal CMS search all in one place. You can see which fields are being indexed, rebuild the indexes if there's a problem and even test keywords to see what results would be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Umbraco backoffice allows you to view details about your Examine indexes and searchers - all in one place. You can see which fields are being indexed, rebuild the indexes if there's a problem, and test keywords to see what results would be returned.
```

![Examine Management within the Developer section](images/overview-examine.png)

The Examine Management section, accessible from within the Settings section, is split into two sections: Indexers and Searchers.

## Indexers

> From the Indexers section, you can view details about each Examine index currently configured within your Umbraco installation. Selecting any of these will expand to show you four additional options, each discussed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the Indexers section, you can view details about each Examine index currently configured within your Umbraco installation. Clicking any of these indexes will show you additional options, each discussed below.
```

### Index info

> This section allows you to see the list of properties about the index that you selected, including how many documents and fields are currently being stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section allows you to see the list of properties on the index that you selected, including how many documents and fields are currently being stored.
```

![Rebuild Index within Examine Management](images/External-indexes-v10.png)

Within the Indexers it displays the details for the index provider as well.

This can be useful to confirm the configuration that Umbraco is using and to ensure it is working as expected. This section also displays the full file path of the index itself.

> This section also provides the ability to rebuild the index should this be required. Depending on how much content your website has, rebuilding the search indexes could take a while and affect the site performance temporarily, so it is not recommended to do this while the website is under high load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section also provides the ability to rebuild the index, should this be required. Depending on how much content your website has, rebuilding the search indexes could take a while and affect the site performance temporarily, so it is not recommended to do this while the website is under high load.
```

> ### fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fields
```

> From here you can see the default system fields that are stored for each document within the search index, including the number of fields document, The score which is calculated by Examine depending on how closely the individual results matched the search term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From here you can see the default system fields that are stored for each document within the search index. That includes the number of fields document, and the score which is calculated by Examine depending on how closely the individual results matched the search term.
```
